[BOY A]
C'mon, we're over here!
[GIRL A]
Right, try to hold it steady.
[BOY B]
For real?
[GIRL B]
We don't have any more?
[BOY C]
That's epic!
It's festival time, boy!
I know your lonely ass
has no one to go with,
but never fear, Hana's here!
You excited or what?
Uh, I wasn't planning on going.
Huh?!
[UZAKI]
You're not going? Why not?
Festivals are like the
best part of college.
Is this an introvert thing?
Who the heck are you
calling an introvert?
Look, I have my reasons
for holding off. Just relax.
Don't you give me that crap.
You're going to stay home
and play video games.
Hey, that's not a bad idea.
They released way too many
great titles last month.
I don't like to be too judgy,
but you take being
a shut-in to a new
level sometimes.
[SAKURAI]
Huh?
Okay, somebody needs to
branch out because every game
you have on here's an
absolute time-sinker.
Which is why I'm holing up
for the three days off
we're getting for the festival.
I figured it would be
a golden opportunity
to make some progress.
And you don't think that
kinda loner behavior
makes you an introvert?
Listen, I like a good food
stall, but I don't have much
of a reason to go, so for me
it would really be the
ultimate time sinker.
[UZAKI]
Huh?
Well, none of my friends are
setting up any booths this year,
and I've never really been
into the musical performances.
Same for the comedy routines.
It's a better investment
to stay in my room
and get my grind on in peace.
You do realize that
you're calculating gains
and losses for something
that really isn't
that serious, right?
Damn straight.
[UZAKI]
This is hopeless.
As soon as he puts
his mind to something,
you can't change it.
Where are his priorities?
Choosing "experience points"
over "IRL experiences"?
That's not what
college is about!
Ugh, talk about a lost cause!
[sighs] Whatever. If he's taking
it easy, maybe I should, too.
I know. How 'bout I come over
and hang while we're off, then?
Maybe I could whip
us up a little feast.
That sounds nice!
[UZAKI laughs]
[SAKAKI]
Like two peas in a pod.
[SAKAKI] He-yo. Uh,
mind if I join you guys?
[SAKURAI]
What's up? You look exhausted.
Come and sit with us!
So, you guys got any
plans for the festival?
Nah, we're not gonna go.
May as well take
advantage of the break.
[SAKAKI]
Of course, figured as much.
I see. Actually, I happen
to be helping with
the organizing
committee this year.
That's surprising.
No kidding.
It must be hard work.
Yeah, and it's turning out
to be harder than I thought.
At this point, it feels
like my entire life.
That's what happens when
you're a people pleaser.
You just can't say no, huh?
What can I say, you nailed it.
Which is why I have to get
the two of you involved.
[SAKURAI]
Huh?
[SAKAKI] Oh, I was just
remembering something
a committee member asked.
They were wondering what we
should do to increase
festival attendance,
so I tossed them a pitch.
Which they decided to go with,
but now I'm stuck
making it happen
'cause I'm the one
who suggested it.
So, what's your
master plan, then?
[SAKAKI]
Glad you asked.
[UZAKI]
Huh...?
A stamp rally?
Yep. For every 500 yen
you spend out there,
you get a stamp.
And for each stamp you get,
you'll be entered into
the raffle we're holding on
the second day of the festival.
If you win, you get
a fabulous prize.
Isn't that basically gambling?
Do you guys even have the
budget for anything nice?
[SAKAKI] What? You guys
think we can only afford
to give out chump
change rewards here?
Hmph. Then allow me to clue
you in on the awesome loot
we'll be announcing tomorrow.
[UZAKI]
Let's have a look. [gasps]
A DC6-Pro? This thing's
the console of my dreams!
You've got some super
premium swag on here.
[SAKAKI] Sure, but it's a total
mess behind the scenes.
I wound up supervising
the whole entire campaign.
Remind me to keep my
mouth shut from now on.
[SAKURAI]
Hm?
So, you wanna go?
[UZAKI] Huh? Where'd that
question come from?
[SAKURAI] Let's be real,
you want that prize.
No telling if we win,
but we'll better our chances
if we go in on this together.
You sure, though?
I thought you were
trying to be a hermit.
[SAKURAI]
Nah, it's cool.
Now I've got a legit
reason to show up.
I hope you're ready to
load up on these bad boys.
This is gonna be the sickest
school festival ever! Let's go!
Oh great, I'm happy to hear you
two changed your minds.
A little word of advice, though.
Naturally, the most expensive
booths are where you're gonna
do the most efficient
stamp-gathering.
I recommend honing in
on the occult club.
Not only are their
prices pretty high,
word on the street is
that their fortunes
end up being scarily accurate.
Well, I'm gonna be on my way.
[SAKURAI]
Right. Catch you later.
You lovebirds have fun on your
little console quest, okay? Bye!
[BOTH]
That's not what this is, weirdo!
They ended up having
one hell of a turnout.
Hey now, quit making that face.
People are gonna think
you're a gangster
hunting down protection money.
What? Why would a gangster
be doing that here?
And where'd you even learn
about that stuff anyway?
[UZAKI] From that one game of
yours. Mafia: As a Tiger.
[SAKURAI]
Oh. Yeah, that checks out.
Cough up the damn
dough, asshole!
Right, why don't we
grab those stamps
and head back home
soon as we're done?
[SAKURAI]
Woah, a rock wall!
[grunts]
[laughs]
Go Sakurai!
You killed it back there!
[SAKURAI]
Yep, you know it.
[SAKURAI] This must be what
Itsuhito was talking about.
[UZAKI]
Looks like it's really popular.
I'm actually feeling
sort of exhausted from
all the running around
we've been doing.
So, what do you say
we hop in line
and stop walking
for a little bit?
I'm down to join
the crowd if you are.
Is there any particular type of
fortune you want 'em to read?
Nothing that I can
think of, you?
Nope, nothing for me either.
Oh, I know!
We can ask 'em to divine
some tips and tricks
to help you speed run through
your new games a bit faster.
You can find all that
stuff online, y'know.
Well then you think
of something, genius.
Like something useful?
They could divine me
the location of a
pet-friendly apartment
that's near a train stop
and a convenience store.
You can find all of
that stuff online, too!
[GIRLS]
Awww!
--That's adorable!
--They're so cute.
[SAKURAI]
Hm?
Heh. Good luck.
Right?
Is it just me, or have people
been staring at us
like we're in a dang zoo?
It isn't just you.
[SAKURAI]
And this line...
[ITO]
Next customer please!
[SAKURAI]
Coming!
[UZAKI gasps]
Whoa! You can tell they aren't
kidding around in here.
[UZAKI]
It's giving off authentic vibes.
[ITO]
Oh. Hey, Hana!
[BOTH]
Huh?
[UZAKI] I-Ito?
You're in the occult club?
They actually had me
telling fortunes last year
and somehow I got a
ton of rave reviews.
So, they decided to
have me come back.
Anyway... Wait a second,
you guys came together?
So that's how it is, eh...
[UZAKI]
Huh?
I'm sorry.
Things can get kinda complicated
when friends are involved.
Don't mind me.
Go on, have a seat.
Whatcha gonna ask her about,
Sakurai, real estate?
[ITO]
Real estate?
Yeah, whatever. I guess I'll
be job-hunting next year,
so I could use a
forecast on that?
Huh? You know we don't give
those types of readings, right?
What are you talking about?
[ITO] Our club specializes
in matters of romance.
[BOTH gasp]
Are you for real?
Now I get it. Crap.
So that's why the line
was full of women.
This is awkward, but
we're gonna have to pass.
Should we go hit up
a different booth?
Yeah.
Wha... why?
[UZAKI]
Sorry, Ito.
[SAKURAI] Our bad.
We'll get out of your hair.
Wait a second, don't leave!
[BLACK HOOD A]
Where do you think you're going?
Where did these guys come from?
[BLACK HOOD A]
We don't appreciate cowards
who try to jump ship
at the last minute.
[BLACK HOOD B] You cannot deny
the call of the cards.
Leaving is forbidden.
We didn't realize
what kind of operation
you were running
when we came in,
so you'll have to forgive us.
Could we possibly pay you
a little extra cash
to skip the hocus pocus and
give us a stamp anyway?
[BLACK HOOD A laughs]
Ah, the impudence.
No friggin' way!
[BLACK HOOD B]
Ignorant children like you
are the worst kind of customer!
[BLACK HOOD C]
Your bodies may be grown,
but your minds are immature!
[BLACK HOOD A] And to think
you strung along our most
promising newcomer as well.
How dare you!
[BLACK HOOD B]
Once you step into our domain,
you will submit
to the divination!
You nutjobs are taking
this way too far!
[BLACK HOOD C]
You hold your tongue.
People are waiting,
so hurry up and sit back down!
[BLACK HOOD A]
Proceed, Sister Ito.
Go ahead and give it to them!
Wait sisters, I still
need time to prepare.
I haven't even asked Sakurai
when his birthday is.
Sorry about this, you guys.
These are the club rules
and as you can see,
the senior members
don't mess around.
Listen, we might as well do as
they say and get this over with.
We'll only be wasting time
if we try to resist.
Not to mention we're
totally holding up the line.
[sighs]
[ITO grunts]
Right, where was I...
[BLACK HOOD A moans]
[UZAKI]
Did she just moan?
[SAKURAI] What happened to the
mysterious hooded figure act?
I've finished placing the cards.
[UZAKI]
Okay, great. What do they say?
Well, it's important to
understand that fortunes
can be quite
ambiguous sometimes,
so readings don't always
determine a specific outcome.
In the end, that depends
on how the couple reacts.
We appreciate that very
thorough disclaimer,
but would you mind
getting to the point?
You might just be a
match made in heaven!
I'm sorry, what?
[ITO] And there's something
else you should know.
Wait, really?
Out of all the cards I've seen,
none have foretold a more
perfect pairing than you two!
This card shows that you
have natural chemistry!
This one represents
mutual trust!
And this one here foretells
a sound and stable future!
Oh, but this one means
you're the perfect couple!
Oh, it's incredible!
You really can get
all these cards at once!
[BLACK HOOD A grunts]
[BLACK HOOD B] Oh dear, looks
like Sister Ito's on a roll.
[ITO] Ah, that's right. I'd
heard through the grapevine
that you aren't
actually a couple.
Is that the truth?
[UZAKI, SAKURAI gasp]
I see, and you're so compatible,
too. What a waste of potential.
If nothing's stopping you,
why not go for it?
[SAKURAI grunting]
Who could even say?
Usually I just get single folks.
It's rare for a couple to come
in together like you did.
For a moment I thought
you were official
and only stopping by for kicks!
I bet everyone in line
thought the same thing.
Can't blame 'em.
You should just go out
with each other already!
Your spiritual alignment
is totally off the charts!
Like, remember that
time you fell asleep
in each other's arms
after class, and then...
[BLACK HOOD A] All right, girl.
Time to wrap it up now.
[BLACK HOOD B]
No one likes a show-off.
[UZAKI exhales]
Just think about the console.
[ASAI] Level with me,
was that a true reading,
or something you made up?
It was real, obviously.
[BLACK HOOD A]
Don't you worry.
You'll never catch
Sister Ito phoning it in.
[ASAI]
You mean it? That's a relief.
Thanks again for letting me
be a fly on the wall today.
[BLACK HOOD A]
You satisfied?
Oh yeah. I'm all set!
[BLACK HOOD A]
Uh, good for you...
I'm off to trail those two
before they get too far.
Well, enjoy the festival.
Catch you girls later!
[GROUP]
Bye Ami. See you at the café!
[SAKAKI]
So, how'd it go?
If it had gone any better,
I would've ODed on euphoria.
[SAKAKI sighs]
It's all going as planned.
In other news,
I've become a potato.
[ASAI]
Go home and get some sleep.
[SAKAKI]
I can't leave quite yet.
I've still got
post-event clean-up.
How did it come to this?
I'm not even on
the dang committee.
Enjoy your nap, then.
[ASAI] I didn't see the point in
going through with this plan
the first time it was
explained to me.
It seemed like too much
work for too little payoff.
But after catching
the occult edition
of the Sakuzaki show,
call me a believer!
Still though, blowing
everything on the lead-up
just to miss out on the climax
must be devastating.
Cheers to you for fighting
the good fight, Itsuhito.
Thank you for your service.
G'night, sweet prince.
Uh! Where'd they go?
How'd I lose them already?
[UZAKI]
You feeling better now?
Yeah, I think so. Sorry,
I wasn't expecting all that.
Hey, me either.
Nothing to be sorry for.
Anyway, I bet this was one
of Sakaki's stupid tricks,
that dork. Kinda hacky
if you ask me.
Itsuhito, huh? I could see that.
[SAKURAI]
Damn, what's wrong with me.
Why can't I look
Uzaki in the eye?
Crap, that reading better not
have awoken something in her.
[UZAKI]
Can I ask you something?
That stuff about us
being like, compatible.
What do you think?
Oh, that stuff Ito was saying?
[SAKURAI] Could you ask a more
loaded question? What do I say?
Well, guess it's better
than being incompatible.
Better to get along, right?
[UZAKI laughs]
[SAKURAI gasping]
[UZAKI] Eh, I wouldn't try
to read into it too much.
Huh?
At the end of the day,
fortune telling's nothing
more than a game.
[SAKURAI]
I'll take your word for it.
[UZAKI humming]
[SAKURAI] Seems like she's
taking this pretty well.
[UZAKI laughs]
[LOTTERY STAFF A]
We have a winner!
[WINNER A]
Woo-hoo!
[CROWD cheering]
We should've asked
those kooks to predict
our luck with
this raffle instead.
[GROUP chattering]
[NARRATOR] Two days had passed
after that awkward event,
and the festival
stalls came down.
With classes out, it was a
welcome moment of respite
for anyone who wasn't working.
Despite that, Sakurai
was still preoccupied.
[SAKURAI]
Man, what's going on?
My brain's like spaghetti.
I can't get her words
out of my head.
You might just be a
match made in heaven!
You're so compatible, too.
What a waste of potential.
If nothing's stopping you,
why not go for it?
[SAKURAI sighs] But if it's up
to the couple in the end,
then she should just
mind her business!
[NARRATOR] And that wasn't the
only thing bothering Sakurai.
[SAKURAI]
And what was with that face
Uzaki was making earlier?
In any case, she doesn't
look too concerned.
Yo, is there anything
I can help with?
[UZAKI]
Nah, I got this covered.
Just gotta chop these
veggies and heat 'em up.
All right then.
[UZAKI] Besides, you gotta
level up your chef skills
before you're allowed to help.
Don't need you
getting in the way.
[SAKURAI grunts]
[UZAKI] Don't pout. Can you can
set the table for us instead?
Food's almost ready, anyway.
Yeah, 'course no problem.
[SAKURAI] She's even less
bothered than I thought,
and she did say fortunes
were just a game.
Plus, she came here to cook
for me. I should relax.
Right, no more freaking
out about this.
Just be your normal, everyday
self. Be like Uzaki.
[UZAKI laughs]
[NARRATOR]
However, Sakurai was mistaken.
Though she appeared
nonchalant on the surface,
Uzaki was in fact over
the moon with joy.
Be careful not to burn yourself.
Hot pot comin' through!
[NARRATOR] A few years had
passed since high school.
And though she hadn't
considered their compatibility
much during their time
as acquaintances,
it had now received
a seal of approval,
rendering her beside
herself with glee.
But Uzaki's interpretation
of this news differed
slightly from his.
[UZAKI] If those cards say
we're perfect for each other,
then this chump's even more of
a lost cause than I thought.
[NARRATOR]
Emotional bias!
A type of cognitive partiality
that causes one to favor
whatever version of the
truth is most convenient.
[UZAKI] Guess I better
keep looking out for him,
so he doesn't become
an absolute recluse.
[NARRATOR]
For Uzaki, it was
a moment of good
fortune, so to speak.
Dude, this looks incredible!
[UZAKI]
I mean, it makes total sense.
I'm basically the only woman
who gives the poor
guy any attention.
[NARRATOR]
Of course, biased thoughts
born from biased truths
can soon start to run amok.
[UZAKI] Honestly, I'm sure he
could tell Ito was right, too.
He was as red as a beet!
[NARRATOR]
Eventually...
[UZAKI] Aw. Is he finally
starting to warm up to me?
[NARRATOR]
...biased thoughts...
[UZAKI] He can't keep
his eyes off me! Heh.
[NARRATOR]
...can explode!
[UZAKI] It's official! This
loser can't live without me!
[NARRATOR]
Thus, a monstrous, one-sided,
and self-serving
conclusion was formed.
[UZAKI]
Yeah! Me and Sakurai forever!
We can't help it.
We're just two peas in a pod!
[NARRATOR]
Though Uzaki's delusions
aren't the only
ones at fault here.
[SAKURAI] She's smiling
more than usual today,
probably plotting
something to bug me later.
[UZAKI]
Penny for your thoughts?
What?
I dunno, it seems like there's
something you've been dying
to tell me. Just sayin'.
I really appreciate you cooking
again. I was starving.
You're so welcome!
But c'mon, wasn't there
somethin' else?
Food's tasty as ever.
You're a seriously great chef.
You can praise me all day,
but aren't you leaving
somethin' out?
Oh, my bad, I forgot
to hit you back
for the grocery shopping!
I promise I'll pay you later.
You're killing me right now.
Pass the ponzu?
[UZAKI groans]
[NARRATOR]
Still, a partner is a partner.
You okay, Uzaki?
You're kinda shaking.
Y'know what,
you're a real idiot.
How dare he play coy with me.
He isn't ready!
Hold up, what's gotten
into you all of a sudden?
Was it something I said,
or am I eating too slowly?
[UZAKI growls]
[SAKURAI] Tell me what
it is! I'll apologize!
Ugh, you big dum-dum!
[UZAKI] Never mind.
He's just an ignoramus.
Uzaki?
Look, just hurry up and finish
your food already, would ya!
You blockhead! I can't stand...
Fine, I'll eat!
Now quit hitting the table
before you knock the stew over.
Jeez, it's really
not a big deal!
[UZAKI] Look at him,
acting all oblivious.
He truly is hopeless, huh?
[SAKURAI]
Hm...
[UZAKI] Then again, he's never
been the eager type, so...
I guess I'll leave
it alone for now.
After all, the ball's in his
court and there's plenty
for me to think about
in the meantime! Yep!
[NARRATOR] Choosing to not rock
the boat and instead,
silently celebrate her win,
Uzaki also chickened
out in the end.
Though the fortune
had shaken them,
the pair found
serenity once more.
Pass the pepper flakes?
[UZAKI]
Here.
[BOTH gasp]
[NARRATOR] That being said,
their relationship
had changed in a small
yet unmistakable way.